Mr. Zhang,
the court notice has been sent
You need to clear out your personal belongings from the apartment
You can't see your daughter
And you also need to pay a large compensation
Zhang Wen Xu
Why didn’t you come find me that day?
Do you know I had to...  Get lost
Can’t you see I’m thinking?
You can’t even handle a little thing
It’s not that
That little Jian Dao
You’re finished
Wen Xu
If
She gave up
How could she give up?
Drugging you
Buying shares
Transferring shares
And Li Xiao Yuan, so many things
She’s done so much
How could she give up?
Don’t get angry
You said to give up herself
Yes
Give up herself
Why didn’t I think
to make her give up herself?
She loves her child so much
Then I want to see
Between work and her child,
what will she choose
Wen Xu, I know
Yu Yong
After this is settled,
we will get married
You really are my lucky star
Or maybe after this is over
I’ll tell him about the pregnancy
So he won’t be distracted